Established in 1981, NIIT Limited, a global leader in Skills and Talent Development, offers multi-disciplinary learning management and training delivery solutions to corporations, institutions, and individuals in over 40 countries. The company ranks among the world’s leading training companies owing to its vast, yet comprehensive array of talent development programs.

With a strong focus on assuming leadership role in the Digital Learning World and to further accelerate NIIT's growth and profitability, the company has charted a focused business strategy to address the Digital Transformation needs for individuals and corporate customers by offering training and consulting to help them re-invent themselves & their organisations.

The Training.com learning platform, is a pioneering initiative for advanced career programs, which are delivered live by industry experts in an immersive and interactive online mode, combining instructor-led classrooms with the convenience of accessing the training sessions from anywhere. The programs are targeted at working professionals who want to take their careers to the next level by enhancing their knowledge of the latest concepts through programs offered from premier institutes like IIM Calcutta, DMI Ireland and edX.

Other key offerings include StackRoute which focuses on creating Digital Innovators by building an elite breed of Full-stack programmers; DigiNXT which addresses the urgent need to help India's IT Services industry source fresh staff as well as retrain 4 million of their existing staff into Digital Developers; and finally NIIT.tv that aims to create Digital Workers and Digital Citizens by bringing skilling from NIIT classrooms to every digitally connected Indian, for free, at any time and place of their choice to train the masses to evolve their skills and participate productively in the future digital world.

As a company, NIIT has three main lines of businesses namely – Corporate Learning Group, Skills and Careers Group, and MindChampion Learning Systems Limited – which will lead the transition of the organisation into the Digital Learning World.

NIIT's Corporate Learning Group (CLG) offers comprehensive suite of Managed Training Services that includes custom Curriculum Design and Content Development, Learning Administration, Learning Delivery, Strategic Sourcing, Learning Technology, and Advisory Services to leading companies in North America, Europe, Asia, and Oceania.

NIIT's Skills and Careers Group (SNC) delivers a diverse range of learning and talent development programs to millions of individual and corporate learners in areas including Banking, Finance & Insurance, Retail Sales Enablement, Management Education, Multi-Sectoral Vocational Skills, Digital Media Marketing, and programs in digital transformation technologies.

As NIIT's wholly owned subsidiary for its K-12 school learning initiative - MindChampion Learning Systems Limited (MLSL), is providing technology based learning to around 2,000 private schools across India, reaching out to more than a million students. The futuristic NIIT nGuru range of learning solutions for schools comprises Interactive Classrooms with digital content, technology-driven Math Lab, IT Wizard programs and Quick School - an Education Resource Planning software.

